TF-4073 Update variable set documentation (#301)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/index.mdx

| Workspace-Specific            | Apply to a single workspace.                                                       | [Create Workspace-Specific Variables](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#workspace-specific-variables), [Loading Variables from Files](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#loading-variables-from-files), [Workspace-Specific Variables API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspace-variables). |
| Workspace-Scoped Variable Set | Apply to multiple workspaces within the same organization.                         | [Create Variable Sets](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets) and [Variable Sets API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets)                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | Project-Scoped Variable Set   | Apply to multiple workspaces within a project in the same organization.            | [Create Variable Sets](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets) and [Variable Sets API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets)                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Project-Scoped Variable Set   | Apply to all workspaces within a project in the same organization.            | [Create Variable Sets](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets) and [Variable Sets API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets)                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

Reviewer: suggest "all workspaces within a project"

Reviewer: +1 +1 on Jeff's wording!

Author: Applied Jeff's suggested change!

Workspace-specific variables always overwrite variables from variable sets that have the same key. Refer to [overwrite variables from variable sets](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#overwrite-variable-sets) for details.

### 4. Workspace-Scoped Variable Sets

Variables in workspace-scoped variable sets are only applied to a subset of workspaces in an organization.

When workspace-scoped variable sets have conflicting variables, Terraform Cloud compares the variable set names and uses values from the variable set with lexical precedence. Terraform and Terraform Cloud operate on UTF-8 strings, and Terraform Cloud sorts variable set names based the on lexical order of Unicode code points.

For example, if you apply `A_Variable_Set` and `B_Variable_Set` to the same workspace, Terraform Cloud will use any conflicting variables from `A_Variable_Set`. This will be the case regardless of which variable set has been edited most recently; Terraform Cloud only considers the lexical ordering of variable set names when determining precedence.

### 5. Project-Scoped Variable Sets

> Variables in project-scoped variable sets are only applied to a subset of workspaces in a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables in project-scoped variable sets are only applied to the workspaces in the specified projects.
```

When project-scoped variable sets have conflicting variables, Terraform Cloud compares the variable set names and uses values from the variable set with lexical precedence. Terraform and Terraform Cloud operate on UTF-8 strings, and Terraform Cloud sorts variable set names based the on lexical order of Unicode code points.

> For example, if you apply `A_Variable_Set` and `B_Variable_Set` to the same workspace, Terraform Cloud will use any conflicting variables from `A_Variable_Set`. This will be the case regardless of which variable set has been edited most recently; Terraform Cloud only considers the lexical ordering of variable set names when determining precedence.

Author: I decided to duplicate parts of `Workspace-Scoped Variable Sets` because a user may directly go to `Project-Scoped Variable Sets` without having read `Workspace-Scoped Variable Sets`. That being said, happy to change if you have suggestions!

Reviewer 2: This was a great idea!

> For example, if you apply `A_Variable_Set` and `B_Variable_Set` to the same workspace, Terraform Cloud will use any conflicting variables from `A_Variable_Set`. This will be the case regardless of which variable set has been edited most recently; Terraform Cloud only considers the lexical ordering of variable set names when determining precedence.

Reviewer: I think the example is good! I do wonder if it should be:
" if you apply `A_Variable_Set` and `B_Variable_Set` to the same project"

### 6. Global Variable Sets

> Workspace and project-scoped variable sets always take precedence over global variable sets that are applied to all workspaces within an organization. Terraform does not allow global variable sets to contain variables with the same key, so they cannot conflict.

Reviewer: Perhaps copy the first sentence of this paragraph and put it as the first sentence in the Project-Scoped Variable Sets section? Something like...
"Workspace and workspace-scoped variable sets always take precedence over project-scoped variable sets that are applied to workspaces  within a project."

Author: Incorporated feedback!

| A_Variable_Set        | Workspace-Scoped       |            |            | `y`  | `x`  |      |      | `2`      |
| B_Variable_Set        | Project-Scoped         |            |            |      | `b`  | `z`  |      | `3`      |
| C_Variable_Set        | Global                 |            |            |      |      | `a`  | `c`  | `4`      |

When you trigger a run through the command line, Terraform Cloud applies the following variables:

- **Run-Specific:** `replicas` from the command line. That means `replicas` equals `9` for this run. Variables set from the command line take precedence over all other values, including the run-specific `TF_VAR_replicas` value set in your local environment.

- **Workspace-Specific:** `ACCESS_KEY`, `ACCESS_ID`, and `VAR1`. That means `VAR1` equals `h` for this run, overwriting the value in A_Variable_Set.

- **A_Variable_Set:** `KEY1`. That means `KEY1` equals `x` for this run, overwriting the value in B_Variable_Set.

- **B_Variable_Set:** `VAR2`. That means `VAR2` equals `z` for this run, overwriting the value in C_Variable_Set.

> - **C_Variable_Set:** `KEY2`. This is a global variable set with no overwritten values.

Reviewer 2: Suggest making the global value explicit:

```suggestion
- **C_Variable_Set:** `KEY2`. This is a global variable set with no overwritten values. That means `KEY2` equals `c` for this run.
```

Author: Feedback incorporated!

Consider an example workspace that has the following variables applied:

| Source                | Scope                  | ACCESS_KEY | ACCESS_ID  | VAR1 | KEY1 | VAR2 | KEY2 | replicas |
| --------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | -------- |
| Command Line Argument | Run-Specific           |            |            |      |      |      |      | `9`      |
| Local Environment     | Run-Specific           |            |            |      |      |      |      | `8`      |

> | Variables             | Workspace-Specific     | `g47fh474` | `874hf7u4` | `h`  |      |      |      | `1`      |

Reviewer: To keep the picture in the diagram in sync, I'd suggest moving this ACCESS_KEY & ACCESS_ID to the B_Variable_Set row. And then the ACCESS_KEY & ACCESS_ID mentioned in line 136/148 to the line with **B_Variable_Set**

Author: Yes! Thank you for catching this 👁️ I will update.

| A_Variable_Set        | Workspace-Scoped       |            |            | `y`  | `x`  |      |      | `2`      |
| B_Variable_Set        | Project-Scoped         | `g47fh474` | `874hf7u4` |      | `b`  | `z`  |      | `3`      |
| C_Variable_Set        | Global                 |            |            |      |      | `a`  | `c`  | `4`      |

When you trigger a run through the command line, Terraform Cloud applies the following variables:

- **Run-Specific:** `replicas` from the command line. That means `replicas` equals `9` for this run. Variables set from the command line take precedence over all other values, including the run-specific `TF_VAR_replicas` value set in your local environment.

> - **Workspace-Specific:** `VAR1`. That means `VAR1` equals `h` for this run, overwriting the value in A_Variable_Set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Workspace-Specific:** `VAR1`. For this run, `VAR1` equals `h`, overwriting the value in A_Variable_Set.
```

> - **A_Variable_Set:** `KEY1`. That means `KEY1` equals `x` for this run, overwriting the value in B_Variable_Set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **A_Variable_Set:** `KEY1`. For this run, `KEY1` equals `x`, overwriting the value in B_Variable_Set.
```

- **B_Variable_Set:** `ACCESS_KEY`, `ACCESS_ID`, and `VAR2`. That means `VAR2` equals `z` for this run, overwriting the value in C_Variable_Set.

> - **C_Variable_Set:** `KEY2`. That means `KEY2` equals `c` for this run. This is a global variable set with no overwritten values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **C_Variable_Set:** `KEY2`. For this run, `KEY2` equals `c`. This is a global variable set with no overwritten values.
```
